README.md, before:

# Christian Tanul

I'm a full-stack developer with ~7 years of experience.

I build stuff. Sometimes for clients, sometimes for myself, sometimes just to see if I can.

I self-host most of my projects.

## Projects

#### htmx

Redesigned the [website](https://four.htmx.org), contributed the `<hx-partial>` tag and built-in SSE support.

<img width="500" alt="htmx 4 website" src="htmx4.png" />

#### hyper

Building a templating language that combines Python & HTML.

<img width="500" alt="Hyper Example" src="hyper.png" />

#### Expert Systems

Built ML/LLM tools for a drug discovery team in New Mexico, USA.

Co-authored a paper with [Prof. Tudor Oprea](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tudorioprea).

<img width="500" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/531efdbf-4874-402c-99f7-03c6aaddcff3" />

<img width="500" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/327132c4-cfe0-4d96-8def-46ddd88c002c" />

#### **intreabalegea.ro**

Built a RAG tool for free legal guidance to Romanian citizens.

Started as a Golang learning project.

<a href="https://intreabalegea.ro"><img width="500" alt="Intreaba Legea Landing Page" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1094287c-7dc6-4ff0-a981-f325c48cd001" /></a>

#### **roastroulette.io**

Built an [open-source](https://github.com/scriptogre/roast-roulette) multiplayer party game. Upload photos, get roasted by an LLM. 

Built to play with my friends during weekends.

<a href="https://roastroulette.io"><img width="500" alt="Roast Roulette Landing Page" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/30069578-866a-4e48-a82a-78af0436ff63" /></a>

Spits gems at times:

<img width="400" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6736f41d-8641-4f19-804e-a08d32e98e16" />


#### Homelab

I'm a home lab nerd with a personal cloud: files, photos, calendar, DNS, media servers, etc. 

Runs on several Synology NAS(es?), a ThinkCentre M90Q Gen 4, and a Raspberry Pi 5.

Saves money. Taught me sysadmin stuff. Made me a NixOS convert.

<img width="400" alt="HomeLab Devices" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7cb5f857-81d4-48a4-bd42-41ec7687ef70" />

### How I Work

<img width="200" alt="Grug Brained Developer" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/fcd5be1b-d0df-465f-a4b7-ae01f2bc35ed" />

Mostly alone.

[htmx](https://htmx.org/) over React, [Caddy](https://caddyserver.com/) over Nginx, [Tailscale](https://tailscale.com/) over classic VPNs. CSS over JS when possible.

I like turning complex things simple.

## Talks

### Lightning Talk @ DjangoCon 2025: Roast Roulette Live Demo

<img width="400" alt="DjangoCon 2025 Lightning Talk" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4f13c8d1-e6a6-4f48-8c7d-260b0fac31a2" />

Played a round of Roast Roulette with the audience.

My Pi died, so I improvised and had 70 people connect directly to my MacBook (lol).

### Workshop @ DjangoCon 2024: Functional Chatbots

<img width="400" alt="DjangoCon 2024 Workshop" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8c410a92-9756-43ad-8183-cc8b38c3c295" />

Workshop about connecting LLMs to web apps (using htmx).

Spent over 2 months preparing the repository. Check it out, if you're interested.

- **Repository**: [github.com/scriptogre/functional-chatbots](http://github.com/scriptogre/functional-chatbots)
- **Video**: [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jtjMR47AAd8)


### Lightning Talk @ PyCON SK 2024: ChatGPT + Streamlit

<img width="400" alt="PyCON SK 2024 Lightning" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c06f9fb3-82e7-40e8-a305-eb2a6e408f54" />

Lightning talk about prototyping with ChatGPT and Streamlit.

## Etc.

Believer, married & father (soon).

Got a dog. She's a good girl.

<img width="400" alt="Dog" src="dog.png" />

Self-taught. Passionate about what I do, and I put my heart into all of it.

Fun station:

<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MfTb7U9CfeA">
  <img width="200" alt="Workstation" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/26f1bb09-9e0d-4db4-b352-7dd26a4a0af5" />
</a>

## Contact

📧 [contact@christiantanul.com](mailto:contact@christiantanul.com)

Feel free to reach out.

Commit message:

Revise project descriptions and personal cloud details
Updated descriptions for projects and personal cloud setup in README.

README.md, after:

# Christian Tanul

I'm a full-stack developer with ~7 years of experience.

I build stuff. Sometimes for clients, sometimes for myself, sometimes just to see if I can.

I self-host most of my projects.

## Projects

#### htmx

Redesigned the [website](https://four.htmx.org), contributed the `<hx-partial>` tag and built-in SSE support.

<img width="500" alt="htmx 4 website" src="htmx4.png" />

#### hyper

Building a templating language that combines Python & HTML.

<img width="500" alt="Hyper Example" src="hyper.png" />

#### Expert Systems

Built ML/LLM tools for a drug discovery team in New Mexico, USA.

Co-authored a paper with [Prof. Tudor Oprea](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tudorioprea).

<img width="500" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/531efdbf-4874-402c-99f7-03c6aaddcff3" />

<img width="500" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/327132c4-cfe0-4d96-8def-46ddd88c002c" />

#### **intreabalegea.ro**

Built a RAG tool for free (Romanian) legal guidance.

<a href="https://intreabalegea.ro"><img width="500" alt="Intreaba Legea Landing Page" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1094287c-7dc6-4ff0-a981-f325c48cd001" /></a>

#### **roastroulette.io**

Built an [multiplayer party game](https://github.com/scriptogre/roast-roulette) (using htmx). Upload photos, get roasted by an LLM. 

Wanted something fun to play with the group during weekends.

<a href="https://roastroulette.io"><img width="500" alt="Roast Roulette Landing Page" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/30069578-866a-4e48-a82a-78af0436ff63" /></a>

Spits gems at times:

<img width="400" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6736f41d-8641-4f19-804e-a08d32e98e16" />


#### Homelab

I host a personal cloud: files, photos, calendar, DNS, media servers, etc. 

Saves money. Taught me sysadmin stuff. Made me a NixOS convert.

<img width="400" alt="HomeLab Devices" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7cb5f857-81d4-48a4-bd42-41ec7687ef70" />

### How I Work

<img width="200" alt="Grug Brained Developer" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/fcd5be1b-d0df-465f-a4b7-ae01f2bc35ed" />

Mostly alone.

[htmx](https://htmx.org/) over React, [Caddy](https://caddyserver.com/) over Nginx, [Tailscale](https://tailscale.com/) over classic VPNs. CSS over JS when possible.

I like turning complex things simple.

## Talks

### Lightning Talk @ DjangoCon 2025: Roast Roulette Live Demo

<img width="400" alt="DjangoCon 2025 Lightning Talk" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4f13c8d1-e6a6-4f48-8c7d-260b0fac31a2" />

Played a round of Roast Roulette with the audience.

My Pi died, so I had 70 people connect directly to my MacBook (lol).

### Workshop @ DjangoCon 2024: Functional Chatbots

<img width="400" alt="DjangoCon 2024 Workshop" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8c410a92-9756-43ad-8183-cc8b38c3c295" />

Workshop about connecting LLMs to web apps (using htmx).

Spent over 2 months preparing the repository. Check it out, if you're interested.

- **Repository**: [github.com/scriptogre/functional-chatbots](http://github.com/scriptogre/functional-chatbots)
- **Video**: [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jtjMR47AAd8)


### Lightning Talk @ PyCON SK 2024: ChatGPT + Streamlit

<img width="400" alt="PyCON SK 2024 Lightning" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c06f9fb3-82e7-40e8-a305-eb2a6e408f54" />

Lightning talk about prototyping with ChatGPT and Streamlit.

## Etc.

Believer, married & father (soon).

Got a dog. She's a good girl.

<img width="400" alt="Dog" src="dog.png" />

Self-taught. Passionate about what I do, and I put my heart into all of it.

Fun station:

<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MfTb7U9CfeA">
  <img width="200" alt="Workstation" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/26f1bb09-9e0d-4db4-b352-7dd26a4a0af5" />
</a>

## Contact

📧 [contact@christiantanul.com](mailto:contact@christiantanul.com)

Feel free to reach out.
